Hahahahaha
Hahahaha
I was wrong.
I'm not going to college
Don't do this
Don't scare me, wake up
Don't be in trouble, dad, my good boy.
Dad, I will definitely be back
The situation is very dangerous and requires immediate surgery
Doctor
How much will the treatment cost? Can it be cured?
Treatment costs about 200,000
Can it be cured? It's uncomfortable.
200,000 may not be able to cure that
Me, my doctor.
I beg you
Doctor, I'm begging you
You must cure my father
I beg you, can I kowtow to you?
I kowtow to you
No please doctor
You are useless
If you want to save him, you have to pay for treatment.
aunt
Please!
Save my dad
I was wrong I was really wrong
I will never go to college again
I'm not going to school, okay?
Please save him
I know I understand
Ah, that's it.
Oops oops me
You husband and wife
Don't joke with your life, hahaha.
Hahahahaha
I don't have a real piece of paper here hahaha
Old things don't take it out sooner if they have money
The patient's current condition
Even if it is cured, it will lose the ability to move
I will be in a wheelchair for the rest of my life
I can't make money and want me to serve him
Whether to treat
Think about it.
Ah!
Haha, you respect hahaha, since you can't save it.
Then cupping and letting him go
Grandma wants
Hahaha can't die
Let go haha
Ha, it's doable to die
You and our emotions are so fragile
Am I so useless?
mine
Really can't live without dad
And our unborn son
Uh-huh.
grandma
Is grandma okay?
Did you send it?
Ah!
Dad?
Mom, don't scare me.
Ah!
Ah don't scare me
Ahahaha
Ah, don't scare me, don't scare me, you
Don't want this
Ah!
I can't die.
How did you leave my daughter behind?
I beg you
I beg you I can't die
Give me another chance.
I want to protect my daughter
Good is good
I can give you a chance.
But you only have 10 years
They cannot exist in human form.
Would you like to?
Yes, I do, I do, yes or no.
Here you go.
Whose dog is this?
Go